This is a database stress-testing application on python.

It supposed to be adaptable to various different database engines, currently have working engines for Postgresql, MariaDB, CockroachDB, YugabyteDB.

You've implemented:
 - sqeeel/database_modules, providing running the database engine and running queries against it using docker-based images;
 - sqeeel/template_instantiator module, that allows to generate queries that are scalable in size;
 - sqeeel/query_generator module that generates query templates based on a bison-style grammar parser tuned to the database calling database module hooks;
 - sqeeel/stress_engine, that applies each given template running stress loop over whole range of sizes;
 - runner application with CLI interface;
 - some limited unit tests in tests/ directory.

Let's improve interactive "explore" run method.

It needs additional commands:

1. "query" or short-cut "q": run given sql query as is, without template-processing it.
example:

  `q SELECT 1`

should run "SELECT 1" query against the database; it logged as usual, but should not be cached nor written into intervals.

2. Whenever size is given, it should be ran no matter what -- i.e. even if we already ran that size, we still run with that size.
   Actually, that change is okay even for stress-test: all we care is to record last execution per size, but we do not rely on the cache to decide run or not.

3. "extra": the given SQL is added to the list of SQL queries that should be run whenever the database recovery is done.
   it means, after `extra CREATE TABLE q(q int)`, the SQL command "CREATE TABLE q(q int)" should be immediately executed,
   and whenever database needs to be restarted (e.g. due to crash or hung), the command needs to be run again.

   "extra" without argument should show all the extra commands currently in the queue.
   "extra-clean" should clear the list.

   Commands to the extra list may also be specified on the command line for both explore and stress-test run modes via --extra "some query" flag.
   Flag may be specified several times to run several queries one by one every time database needs restart.
