This is a database stress-testing application on python.

It supposed to be adaptable to various different database engines.

For now, you've implemented:
 - database module, providing running the database engine and running queries against it using docker-based images;
 - query templates module, that allows to generate queries that are scalable in size;
 - stress engine, that runs for each template stress loop over whole range;
 - runner application with CLI interface.

Now we should implement query templates generator engine.

Each query template are defined as 5-tuple: prefix, left, middle, right, suffix.
The left and right supposed to be repeated multiple times, keeping the query still valid.

The templates generator that we going to create should work the following way:

1. Let's assume we have SQL grammar in a Bison-compatible form for a given database or simplistic generic one.

2. The grammar from the file should be read into a map form.
   For now, we only care about rules (after the first "%%" line).
   Each rule is a node with its name in the map.
   The value in the map is the object that has all the expansion alternatives as separate list.
   Any token that not appears in the map considered terminal token.

3. We should be able to convert the grammar map into directed graph using NetworkX library.
   Each rule is represented as node with its name, that is connected with node-alternatives nodes, each connected with all its descendants.
   For example, if we have:
   ```
   expr : number 
        | number mulop number
        | number divop number
   ```
   we create node "expr", connected with nodes "expr:0", "expr:1", "expr:2".
   The "expr:0" is connected with node "number"
   The "expr:1" is connected with nodes "number" and "mulop"
   The "expr:2" is connected with nodes "number" and "divop".
   To reduce size of the graph, we can check is there descendant in the graph, and omit connection if it is not (e.g. its a terminal token).

4. To generate the template, we should find all simple loops, using `nx.simple_cycles` with configurable maximum cycle length.
   Each found cycle is a base to construct one or multiple templates.

5. To construct templates starting from a given start token (f.e. `selectExpr`) and a found simple cycle, we should:
   - check is there a path from a given token to the given cycle (any cycle node, f.e., using `nx.has_path`);
   - find the "entry point" of the cycle, by finding the shortest path from given start token to each of the cycle tokens;
   - "rotate" the cycle to make the "entry point" first in the cycle: that would be one of the rules, and the next will be the exact alternative of the rule.

6. Since each rule alternative contains chain of tokens, the Cycle may start somewhere in the middle of the list: everything before the cycle goes to the `prefix`, everything after goes to the `suffix`.
   The cycle itself may contain multiple nodes inside, one of them is the one that makes it cycle, that's the cycle breaking point.
   All the nodes before it goes to the `left`, all after goes to the `right`.
   The shortest possible non-cyclic alternative of the cycle breaking point node goes to the `middle`.

7. All non-terminal tokens should be replaced with their shortest possible terminal-only alternatives.

Please plan ahead, and write tests for each stage of the template generation process.