We are database stress-testing application on python.

It supposed to be adaptable to various different database engines.

We'll need a:
 - database modules, providing execution (start/stop/run query and measure impact of the query) and information (language tuning for query templates generator);
 - query templates generator module, that we'll create later, that supposed to consume database information and produce sequence of query templates;
 - template instantiator module, that effectively convert given template to the query for any given size nominator X;
 - stress engine, that will create templates generator, loop over chosen templates, and for each run stress loop for some chosen sizes;
 - runner application, that should accept command line args, initailize database moule, generator, stress engine and runs the stress (all stubs fo now).

You already made an application skeleton, created docker-based database executor, and wrote template instantator. Let's implement stress engine.

The stress loop for a given template should do the following:

1. Do initial discovery phase:
    - start with size 1 and go up multiplying size by 10 until given constructed query size limit reached (default 32 megabytes).
    - for each size, remember the (size, size, effect) where "effect" is the query execution effect from the database executor,
      meaning for interval between "size" and "size" (i.e. only for the size itself) there was that execution effect.
2. Close the gaps:
    - scan the ordered list of intervals:
        (begin1, end1, effect1) (begin2, end2, effect2)
      and if (end1+1 != begin2) then run the query for the point between end1 and begin2.
      if the query effect is the same as effect1, then replace end1 with the middle point.
      if the query effect is the same as effect2, then replace begin2 with the middle point.
      if the query effect was different than effect1 and effect2, then insert new tuple (middle, middle, effect) and repeat the loop.

At the end of the stressing, we should get the continuous list, covering whole range from 1 to whatever it take for a given template to reach the size limit.

The result of the process should be ordered list of ranges with effect and the oveall list of the (size, stats) of all queries executed with exact sizes and results.

The "effect" should just be failure type (success, error, crash, timeout, hang) and "normalized" error message if there was error message returned by the server.
For the error normalization we should consult with the database module (as that is database-specific action), for now, let it be just first 100 chars from the string.

The "stats" should be the whole information struct returned by the database executor.

Please add also printing of the intervals obtained after the stressing inside of the main.

To test the end-to-end let's use hardcoded `('SELECT ', '1,', '1', '', '')` template.

Please try to run it to see does it work or print any unexpected errors.